hey guys DJ Dasher here I've been
getting a lot of questions on how to use
ocarina code manager so I may decide to
make a video about it so here we go
here's your ocarina code manager the
symbol will always be this little school
by the way - right here's the game ID
which means it's the game ID for the
game to let your codes know which is
which so I'm gonna type that in right
now away it will be easier there we go
after that right here you're gonna type
in your name of the game which will be
blackops there we go alright after that
you're gonna put your code the name of
the code you're gonna click on that all
we'll just use God mode so that's a very
common code and let me take cap locks
off to you all the lights on alright so
after that your little god man will be
there it will put it right there and if
you make any changes in here it will it
will change it over there so you see it
changes over there so these two right
here are the same exact thing to open up
god mode and I'm gonna go to my codes
right here go all the way down cuz I
think my god mode is really aren't there
it is alright I'm just gonna copy this
whole little thing right here paste this
is what I do for all my codes I copy and
paste it's easy it gets it done and you
always had the code a hundred percent
correct and if for some weird reason
that code does not work it might not be
a working code anymore because of the
patches I know a few websites still
keeps those codes on their website I
have no clue why so after that you're
gonna click store modifications and
you're gonna get this little box right
there then you're gonna click that box
that enables a code to be used on your
d card after that put your SD card in
here
you're gonna hit export to G ect
this is just telling me cuz I'll have an
SD card in there and plus I didn't save
it to a text file after that it's gonna
bring it up and by the way that other
little error thing was cuz I don't have
the SD card so right here it's gonna ask
you what do I want to save it to
normally I will pick you know my SD card
right now it's a local disc after that
you click store after you click store
our little box is gonna say ok
meaning you saved it click OK and then
you have your SD cards on your your SD
codes on your SD card excuse me after
that you're gonna want to play save your
code so I don't lose it go to file save
text file I'm just gonna store it to my
desktop that way I can you erase it
because I'm not gonna keep this thing
I'll just set it as code so there you go
save and there's your code file right
there and there's the game ID and
everything and also says I do have you
guys watching this video on how to do it
I'm gonna show you an even easier way on
how to upload codes on there this folder
right here has all of the codes for my
black ops and let's say I want to upload
it on ocarina I just get the name of
that so that's the name right there I go
to file open text file desktop I gotta
find it where are you there you go open
that up and voila look all my codes are
there here's another file called DD
codes bricky I just go right back up
here open text file and if I want to I
want to use Brittany's codes I just open
that up and there you go and they all
are codes and they all have stuff on
them so that's how you use ocarina code
manager please comment rate subscribe
like the video if you would like me to
do any more tutorial
on how to use a program or something
please put it in the comment box below
that way I will be able to get to you
guys and make a video on how to do it so
I hope you guys liked it bye